Technical:
High-power microwave link antennas (also called backhaul antennas) can indeed pose risks at short distances. There's an urban legend that you can roast a sausage in front of such antennas – while not entirely accurate, it's based on real physical effects. Especially high-power radar transmitters in the 3–10 GHz range can be dangerous for sensitive organs, like the eyes.

Psychological:
it seems that some people calling you insane crazy person like they did also in my case. so tell them "if you disassemble a microwave oven and would roast your neighbor with the magnetron it WILL have a physical effect". So you dont need to proof that such things DO HAVE an effect.

My advice is: be as scientific and precise as possible. Try to find studies and peer-reviewed articles that demonstrate the effects of RF on the human body and mind. This way, you can shift the discussion from a personal accusation to a technical and evidence-based level.

Also, please be mindful when discussing this around younger people or children. In my opinion, they deserve a certain level of protection – they shouldn’t be made responsible for understanding or defending themselves against these kinds of technical dangers. If a girl believes in “magic” like in Harry Potter, that’s okay – as long as no one uses that narrative to harm or confuse her.




Ein Mensch hat mir folgende Antwort geschrieben:


Marc jr, I was driving the truck with  the elevated work platform on the truck. I had to go up the communication tower with the tradesman doing the work, I was trades assistant, we hired the EWP.
The point I was making, high power RF, has a profound effect on the human body and especially the mind.
I have been up towers with it in use (broadcasting), RF is dangerous, that's why I had to go up with the tradesman, he was not allowed to work alone.
Radio Frequently radiation is leathal, a powerful radar is a weapon if miss used, it can burn a hole inside you, lethal !


insbesondere das "The point I was making, high power RF, has a profound effect on the human body and especially the mind." wirkt auf mich als ob ihm jemand permanent einredet, dass er ein Spinner sei und dass Sendeinfrastruktur nicht gegen Menschen wirke.

Ich würde ihh gerne supporten dass er nicht mehr mit der Frage ob er jetzt spinne oder nicht gespammt wird sondern weiter schauen kann wie er das Problem auf technischer Ebene behebt. Wäre diese Antwort akzeptabel oder nützlich für mein Vorhaben:


Technical:
High Power Microwave link antenna / Backhaul antenna are problematic
-> urban legend: you can roast the lunch sausage in front of such antennas, technically not completely correct but problematic
Especially High Power Radar-Transmitter 3-10GHz bad for Eyes

Psychological:
it seems that some people calling you insane crazy person like they did also in my case. so if you disassemble a microwave oven and would roast your neighbor with the magnetron it WILL have a physical effect. So you dont need to proof that such things do have an effect.

try to be as scientific as possible and show the people studies and scinece papers that proove you are not crazy insane

But it might be bad to explain such things to younger people or even kids. in my opinion kids are allowed and should be protected so that they dont need to defend against such things. and if a young girl loves "harry potter" and is thinking "it's magic" it is to think so as long not bad people abuse this narrative against her

Wie ist das korrekte englsiche Wort für Trommelantennen
